**What sort of mindset are you in because what I don't wanna do is make you feel like you need to have it all figured out and are happy, positive and not anxious. I am happy to talk at a later date etc and I don't see it as a waste of time or dragging it out, I just see it as that's life sometimes. So please read it when you're ready and sorry for being a pussy and I think it's just better to write it out. You know what I'm like.** 

I'm sorry, I don't have the capacity to have a proper conversation about this yet - my head is in the absolute microwave. But we can just have a normal chat if you'd like? I do still want to hear about your day(s) and I have some Cov goss. I do have a notes app speech though, but not sure if it's worth saying and also if your mind is already set, I know I can't change it.

I have been thinking though, and I didn't want to overwhelm you further with a massive paragraph on WhatsApp, so here it is! I don't know how to fix things yet, but that doesn't mean I won't or don't want to. I also know that five days (where I was trying to message, call and tiktok you - sorry for not respecting your space) isn't going to change everything. It's also a lot of pressure to feel like you have to have something figured out 100% when you were feeling reserved.

We've both been catastrophising / sabotaging for weeks and we're not gonna undo that over a weekend. If we are both fluttering between "I'm sure" and "I'm unsure" then we need the time to figure out which one is stronger imo with clear heads. I wanna give this a proper go but this is the only way I think it might work. We have been seeing/speaking to eachother as normal, probably leading to a bit of resentment (if that's the right word - like just carrying on in hopes to get better?) and it getting worse ratehr then better and I think it's not given us space properly to deal with what's going on.

So, if you're also still not sure what you want, but you still like me/want to see me, and you want it to work but you're in the "not sure it will or how it will" mindset, take whatever time you need to figure it out because it would be a waste not to. I'll be here doing same. And if you think "well what does that mean for us?" - it means we'll just trust that we're making the right decisions for us and ourselves. 

I need to be stable for you especially in your line of work and the external stuff at the minute (health, family etc). I need to be a good partner for you who you know trusts you, and who you know likes you and doesn't have to question it.

I just don't think we can figure everything out in 5 days - it needs to be a work in progress and we can discuss that of course, but I don't want it to be a step by step project ygm. I think we need time to genuinely miss eachother, because we have done complete no contact for a year and found our way back, so I don't think that's the problem.

I don't believe in universes or that, but being in the exact same place at the same time is some sort of sign so I'm deffo not giving up - this isn't me giving up at all it's me trying to be mature and do what's best for us! I'd love to be with you 24/7 (and we deffo haven't had enough quality time together this year so far, which I think adds to the uncertainty). I just don't feel like me right now, I feel clingy and weird and confused and a little bit checked-out, and it wouldn't be fair to make a big or permanent decision which affects both of us when I feel like this. I don't want either of us to act on impulse and then either hate every second of being together or leave and end up back in the inbox in 6 months... 

Please don't think I'm dictating and sorry that it sounds so HR, this is just my idea and I want there to be no pressure. And if you ask me "Well what are we working towards then?" again, well we would be working towards us. If I wanna be with you, and if you wanna be with me - and not fluttering between them. We just need that peace of knowing. We're working towards that and then we will know. We just don't need the stress that comes with overthinking that it won't, or trying to figure it out over a weekend.

If this is OK, let's have a proper talk (maybe a couple of weeks, or before York becomes unrefundable! But doesn't need to be set in stone - if you want to talk we can! Pls don't think I'm setting rules). I just wanted to be open about where I'm at and how I'm feeling. I hope you understand. There doesn't need to be proper time lines and you can disagree; I am just thinking of ideas. I don't want it to be formal.

If we're going to give this a proper go and we both still like eachother and see some sort of future, this is the only way / one of the only ways I can see it working. Correct me if I'm wrong, but we both want to be in eachother's lives and try and figure it out, and it doesn't even work when we're in no contact/never planning to see eachother again, then maybe we just need time to miss eachother, clear our heads out and do a bit of work. (To be fair, think we're only ever on the exact same page in these situations where we're apart and miss eachother, but of course, tell me if I'm wrong.) I think it's worth a shot if you agree. You and me are definitley more than looking at eachother and going "yum", it's a loooooot deeper than that.

Of course there will be times when one of us is sure-er than the other and we will have ups and downs in feelings for eachother because that's life, but I'm thinking of right now. There's no "right way" to be together. We just need to learn about eachother properly and the "new" people we are, and I think the fact we have history doesn't help because we both have guards up and pre-judgments, so we need to let them down, but again, that doesn't happen ASAP, in fact I don't think you can put a timeline on it, and certainly doesn't happen over a weekend after we've been overthinking it for weeks. I don't really have anything else left to lose. But - if you do agree, you are expected to come to Coventry after Cyprus because I think everyone thinks I'm hallucinating you and you don't exist at this point.

Also I am lowkey (highkey) scared of what your response is gonna be, so I'm going swiftly back into hiding again cos 1, I feel like shit :) 2, I have a heavy week with work and I can't have time to be upset or fixing things quickly and 3, I'm also scared I'll scare you with this fat paragraph. I feel like there's a lot of pressure to expect us to have all our feelings sorted out over a weekend, and sorry if it's pathetic. I know you're scared and unsure about all this but I feel like I may be scared-er. Equally, if you don't want all that space, like I say it's fine - I'm free every evening and we could meet before we have a "break" (but I do think some kind of discussed space is good if we wanna see eachother without a break, if that makes sense -e.g. no discussing future, taking time apart, lower key dates etc) cos it needs to be both of us agreeing... and/or you're completely done that's fair too. I'm sure you'll find a way to let me know.


